well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
how to share information and I've got a
story that we can use to illustrate that
it can be used to illustrate a lot of
things but we're using for this and it's
uh it's cool because you guys know how
it started some of you probably know
that went after that synagogue shooting
I had a bunch of people who were
anti-gun ask me about purchasing a
firearm and how to do it
and I made a very long video explaining
the the realities of owning a firearm
that even though it's self-defense
you were purchasing to kill someone I
had been checking in on these people and
one young lady she took my advice to the
letter she went to her synagogue and she
found the never again guy and that never
again guy he had an arsenal and he took
her out let her shoot and she found
weapons that she likes ones that were
right for her
she bought a 45 caliber pistol and a
neikei thats funny going from being
anti-gun to purchasing an aka is
humorous in and of itself but at the
same time for those that don't know
despite the weapons reputation it is
it's good rifle and especially true for
females who are of a certain stature
everything can be operated with the
right hand you don't have to cross in
front of yourself to do anything so if
your larger up top it's a good rifle for
you so from there she goes shooting and
she goes shooting with a couple of army
guys a murrain and an ex-cop she said
she didn't learn much didn't get much
out of it
didn't learn much about shooting anyway
learned a whole lot about them and the
stuff that they had done but not much
about shooting she said she learned the
most from us 60 something-year-old man
that she went shooting
and she thought it was funny cuz he had
never done anything like that he he
worked at some Institute so the first
day he takes her out and they don't even
put bullets in the gun they take him
apart they learn how they work he
explains how they work explains how the
bullets work explains the physics of it
explains how to get a good sight picture
explains what the difference between
cover and concealment is all of that
stuff no bullets in the gun second day
she learns different stances learns how
to change magazines in different
positions learns how to walk and pull
the trigger learns how everything but no
bullets in the gun third day they
finally start shooting and they spend
six hours at the range and if you don't
shoot that that's that's a while that's
a while at the range but by the end of
it she said she can successfully put
that magazine into a three by five card
that's impressive
that is impressive so why did he succeed
where others have failed
he used good teaching techniques he used
good teaching techniques plain and
simple he let her crawl before she
walked before she eventually sprinted
that was one thing and he gave each
phase of that information time to digest
the other thing was that he made it
about the information ideas and
information stand and fall on their own
working at an institute you certainly
learn this doesn't matter who's
presenting the information it's either
true or it's not he made it about the
information he made it a academic
experience rather than a confrontational
one and then the most important thing I
think he did is that he didn't make it
about him I mean how could he write he
just worked at an institute and here's
the twist to that story if you raised
your eyebrows when I said Institute yep
of that one so and I did confirm this
and the funny part about this is that
she gets
to find this out at the same time y'all
do watching this video the Institute is
slinging that is slang that is like
saying you work for the company if you
are working for the CIA the Institute is
the Mossad it is Israeli intelligence
the guy who she is certain has never
really done anything like that has done
and seen more than everybody else she
went shooting with all added up but he
didn't bring it up he didn't make it
about him because ideas and information
stand and fall on their own and he
presented it in an academic manner you
know and it goes back to that old saying
those who've seen the most say the least
and so there's a there's a good overview
of a nice teaching technique how does
that apply to Wolfe what prompted this
video the questions of how to reach out
across partisan lines across ideological
lines use the same techniques if you
want to talk about immigration talk
about immigration don't talk about Trump
talk about the statistics talk about the
laws that are currently on the books
talk about the laws that should be on
the books talk about the laws that we
are violating ourselves talk about this
stuff
and it'll let it digest then come back
and talk about what do you think the
effects of this are you know if you were
on the other side of this proposed wall
how would you respond to each one of
these developments and then go in and
then you can close out and explain you
know a wall would in fact you know drive
more people into the hands of
traffickers a wall would not really do
anything because of the statistics you
learned last week make it a conversation
rather than a debate you know provide
information in a non-confrontational
manner
and then obviously the other thing to
take away from this is never never
assume anything about anybody because
you could you could definitely be wrong
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night